.travis.yml
LICENSE
README.md
TODO
setup.py
data/EuroLeagueGoals2016.csv
data/Fremont_Bridge_Bicycle_Counter.csv
data/asset_use.csv
data/call_centre.csv
data/call_centre_simulated.csv
data/checkout.csv
data/daily-min-temperatures.csv
data/hotel_stays.csv
data/maintenance_schedule.csv
data/page_views.csv
data/state_machine.csv
data/superstore.xls
data/taxi data.csv
data/uk commute.csv
data/vessel movements.csv
data/vessel movements_grouped.csv
data/vessel movements_total.csv
data/vessel_queue.csv
data/analysis/hotel_stays_values.csv
data/analysis/page_view_values.csv
data/analysis/page_view_values.xlsx
data/analysis/sc_vessel_queue.csv
data/analysis/vessel_queue_values.csv
data/forex/AUDUSD_H1.csv
data/forex/EURGBP_H1.csv
data/forex/EURUSD_H1.csv
data/forex/GBPAUD_H1.csv
data/forex/GBPUSD_H1.csv
docs/Makefile
docs/basis.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/documentor.py
docs/examples.rst
docs/helpers.rst
docs/howto recipes.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/make.bat
docs/steps_class.rst
docs/steps_methods.rst
docs/_build/doctrees/basis.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/environment.pickle
docs/_build/doctrees/examples.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/helpers.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/howto recipes.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/index.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/steps_class.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/steps_methods.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/utility functions.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.Steps.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__add__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__eq__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ge__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__gt__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__le__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__lt__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__mul__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ne__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__neg__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__sub__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.__truediv__.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.acf_plot.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.add.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_direct.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_steps.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.basis.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.clamp.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.clear.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.clip.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.compare.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.copy.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.correlation.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.covariance.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.describe.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf_plot.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.fast_step.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.first.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram_plot.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.iloc.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.integrate.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.invert.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.last.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.lshift.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.max.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.mean.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.median.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.min.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.normalise.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.pacf_plot.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.percentile.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot_rolling_step.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_array.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dataframe.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dict.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.rebase.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.reflect.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.rshift.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.series.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_plot.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_step.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.span_and_weights.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.std.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.step.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_keys.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_values.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.summary.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.using_datetime.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/api/hotstepper.Steps.var.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/examples/currency.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/examples/daily temperatures.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/examples/store_orders.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/examples/uber trips.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/examples/vessel movement.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_11_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_11_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_14_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_14_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_16_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_16_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_20_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_20_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_21_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_21_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_22_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_22_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_23_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_23_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_25_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_25_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_5_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_5_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_7_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_currency_7_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_15_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_15_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_3_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_3_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_4_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_4_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_6_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_6_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_7_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_daily_temperatures_7_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_10_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_10_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_5_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_5_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_6_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_6_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_8_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_store_orders_8_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_uber_trips_5_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_uber_trips_5_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_uber_trips_6_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_uber_trips_6_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_uber_trips_8_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_uber_trips_8_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_vessel_movement_3_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_vessel_movement_3_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_vessel_movement_4_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples_vessel_movement_4_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_2_3_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_2_3_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_3_3_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_3_3_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_3_4_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_3_4_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_10_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_10_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_11_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_11_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_12_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_12_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_19_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_19_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_20_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_20_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_6_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_6_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_7_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_7_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_7_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_7_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_8_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_8_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_9_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_Examples_4_9_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_13_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_13_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_2.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_2.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_3.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_3.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_4.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_17_4.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_19_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_19_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_20_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_20_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_21_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_21_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_23_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_23_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_3_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_3_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_3_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_How_To's_3_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_More_How_To's_3_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_More_How_To's_3_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_More_How_To's_5_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_More_How_To's_5_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_13_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_13_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_5_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_5_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_7_1.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_7_1.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_9_0.png
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks_The_need_9_0.svg
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples/currency.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples/daily temperatures.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples/store_orders.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples/uber trips.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/examples/vessel movement.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks/Examples 2.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks/Examples 3.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks/Examples 4.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks/How To's.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks/More How To's.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/nbsphinx/notebooks/The need.ipynb
docs/_build/doctrees/notebooks/Examples 2.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/notebooks/Examples 3.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/notebooks/Examples 4.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/notebooks/How To's.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/notebooks/More How To's.doctree
docs/_build/doctrees/notebooks/The need.doctree
docs/_build/html/.buildinfo
docs/_build/html/basis.html
docs/_build/html/examples.html
docs/_build/html/genindex.html
docs/_build/html/helpers.html
docs/_build/html/howto recipes.html
docs/_build/html/index.html
docs/_build/html/objects.inv
docs/_build/html/py-modindex.html
docs/_build/html/search.html
docs/_build/html/searchindex.js
docs/_build/html/steps_class.html
docs/_build/html/steps_methods.html
docs/_build/html/utility functions.html
docs/_build/html/_images/Hotstepperlogo.png
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_11_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_14_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_16_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_20_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_21_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_22_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_23_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_25_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_5_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_currency_7_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_daily_temperatures_15_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_daily_temperatures_3_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_daily_temperatures_4_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_daily_temperatures_6_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_daily_temperatures_7_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_store_orders_10_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_store_orders_5_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_store_orders_6_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_store_orders_8_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_uber_trips_5_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_uber_trips_6_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_uber_trips_8_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_vessel_movement_3_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/examples_vessel_movement_4_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/hotstepper-Steps-plot-1.png
docs/_build/html/_images/hotstepper-Steps-smooth_plot-1.png
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_13_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_17_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_17_2.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_17_3.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_17_4.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_19_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_20_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_21_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_23_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_3_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_How_To's_3_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_More_How_To's_3_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_More_How_To's_5_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_The_need_13_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_The_need_5_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_The_need_7_1.svg
docs/_build/html/_images/notebooks_The_need_9_0.svg
docs/_build/html/_sources/basis.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/examples.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/helpers.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/howto recipes.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/index.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/steps_class.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/steps_methods.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/utility functions.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__add__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__eq__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ge__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__gt__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__le__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__lt__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__mul__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ne__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__neg__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__sub__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.__truediv__.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.acf_plot.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.add.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_direct.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_steps.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.basis.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.clamp.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.clear.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.clip.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.compare.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.copy.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.correlation.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.covariance.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.describe.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf_plot.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.fast_step.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.first.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram_plot.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.iloc.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.integrate.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.invert.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.last.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.lshift.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.max.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.mean.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.median.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.min.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.normalise.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.pacf_plot.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.percentile.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot_rolling_step.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_array.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dataframe.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dict.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.rebase.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.reflect.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.rshift.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.series.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_plot.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_step.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.span_and_weights.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.std.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.step.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_keys.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_values.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.summary.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.using_datetime.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/api/hotstepper.Steps.var.rst.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/examples/currency.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/examples/daily temperatures.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/examples/store_orders.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/examples/uber trips.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/examples/vessel movement.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/notebooks/How To's.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/notebooks/More How To's.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_sources/notebooks/The need.ipynb.txt
docs/_build/html/_static/HotstepperLogo.png
docs/_build/html/_static/basic.css
docs/_build/html/_static/doctools.js
docs/_build/html/_static/documentation_options.js
docs/_build/html/_static/file.png
docs/_build/html/_static/graphviz.css
docs/_build/html/_static/jquery-3.5.1.js
docs/_build/html/_static/jquery.js
docs/_build/html/_static/jquery.min.map
docs/_build/html/_static/language_data.js
docs/_build/html/_static/material.css
docs/_build/html/_static/minus.png
docs/_build/html/_static/plus.png
docs/_build/html/_static/pygments.css
docs/_build/html/_static/searchtools.js
docs/_build/html/_static/underscore-1.12.0.js
docs/_build/html/_static/underscore-1.3.1.js
docs/_build/html/_static/underscore.js
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/font-awesome.css
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/material-icons.css
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/specimen/FontAwesome.ttf
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/specimen/FontAwesome.woff
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/specimen/FontAwesome.woff2
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/specimen/MaterialIcons-Regular.ttf
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/specimen/MaterialIcons-Regular.woff
docs/_build/html/_static/fonts/specimen/MaterialIcons-Regular.woff2
docs/_build/html/_static/images/favicon.png
docs/_build/html/_static/images/icons/bitbucket.1b09e088.svg
docs/_build/html/_static/images/icons/bitbucket.svg
docs/_build/html/_static/images/icons/github.f0b8504a.svg
docs/_build/html/_static/images/icons/github.svg
docs/_build/html/_static/images/icons/gitlab.6dd19c00.svg
docs/_build/html/_static/images/icons/gitlab.svg
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/application.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/modernizr.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/version_dropdown.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.da.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.de.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.du.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.es.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.fi.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.fr.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.hu.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.it.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.ja.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.jp.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.multi.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.nl.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.no.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.pt.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.ro.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.ru.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.stemmer.support.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.sv.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.th.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/lunr.tr.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/tinyseg.js
docs/_build/html/_static/javascripts/lunr/wordcut.js
docs/_build/html/_static/stylesheets/application-fixes.css
docs/_build/html/_static/stylesheets/application-palette.css
docs/_build/html/_static/stylesheets/application.css
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper-Steps-plot-1.png
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper-Steps-plot-1.py
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper-Steps-smooth_plot-1.png
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper-Steps-smooth_plot-1.py
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.Steps.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__add__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__eq__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ge__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__gt__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__le__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__lt__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__mul__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ne__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__neg__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__sub__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.__truediv__.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.acf_plot.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.add.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_direct.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_steps.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.basis.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.clamp.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.clear.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.clip.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.compare.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.copy.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.correlation.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.covariance.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.describe.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf_plot.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.fast_step.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.first.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram_plot.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.iloc.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.integrate.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.invert.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.last.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.lshift.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.max.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.mean.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.median.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.min.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.normalise.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.pacf_plot.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.percentile.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot_rolling_step.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_array.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dataframe.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dict.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.rebase.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.reflect.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.rshift.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.series.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_plot.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_step.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.span_and_weights.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.std.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.step.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_keys.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_values.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.summary.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.using_datetime.html
docs/_build/html/api/hotstepper.Steps.var.html
docs/_build/html/examples/currency.html
docs/_build/html/examples/currency.ipynb
docs/_build/html/examples/daily temperatures.html
docs/_build/html/examples/daily temperatures.ipynb
docs/_build/html/examples/store_orders.html
docs/_build/html/examples/store_orders.ipynb
docs/_build/html/examples/uber trips.html
docs/_build/html/examples/uber trips.ipynb
docs/_build/html/examples/vessel movement.html
docs/_build/html/examples/vessel movement.ipynb
docs/_build/html/notebooks/How To's.html
docs/_build/html/notebooks/How To's.ipynb
docs/_build/html/notebooks/More How To's.html
docs/_build/html/notebooks/More How To's.ipynb
docs/_build/html/notebooks/The need.html
docs/_build/html/notebooks/The need.ipynb
docs/_build/plot_directive/api/hotstepper-Steps-plot-1.png
docs/_build/plot_directive/api/hotstepper-Steps-smooth_plot-1.png
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__add__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__eq__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ge__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__gt__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__le__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__lt__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__mul__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__ne__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__neg__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__sub__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.__truediv__.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.acf_plot.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.add.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_direct.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.add_steps.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.basis.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.clamp.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.clear.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.clip.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.compare.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.copy.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.correlation.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.covariance.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.describe.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.ecdf_plot.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.fast_step.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.first.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.histogram_plot.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.iloc.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.integrate.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.invert.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.last.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.lshift.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.max.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.mean.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.median.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.min.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.normalise.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.pacf_plot.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.percentile.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.plot_rolling_step.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_array.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dataframe.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.read_dict.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.rebase.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.reflect.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.rshift.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.series.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_plot.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.smooth_step.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.span_and_weights.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.std.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.step.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_keys.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.step_values.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.summary.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.using_datetime.rst
docs/api/hotstepper.Steps.var.rst
docs/examples/currency.ipynb
docs/examples/daily temperatures.ipynb
docs/examples/store_orders.ipynb
docs/examples/uber trips.ipynb
docs/examples/vessel movement.ipynb
docs/images/HotstepperLogo.png
docs/images/basis.gif
docs/images/currency.gif
docs/images/fibo_line.png
docs/images/fibo_steps.png
docs/images/fibo_steps_sequence.png
docs/images/multiple plots.gif
docs/images/step_function_definition.png
docs/images/store.gif
docs/images/summary.gif
docs/images/temperature.gif
docs/notebooks/How To's.ipynb
docs/notebooks/More How To's.ipynb
docs/notebooks/The need.ipynb
docs/notebooks/imports/__init__.py
hotstepper/__init__.py
hotstepper.egg-info/PKG-INFO
hotstepper.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
hotstepper.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
hotstepper.egg-info/requires.txt
hotstepper.egg-info/top_level.txt
hotstepper/analysis/Sequency.py
hotstepper/analysis/__init__.py
hotstepper/analysis/statistics.py
hotstepper/basis/Bases.py
hotstepper/basis/Basis.py
hotstepper/basis/__init__.py
hotstepper/core/AbstractSteps.py
hotstepper/core/Step.py
hotstepper/core/Steps.py
hotstepper/core/__init__.py
hotstepper/core/data_model.py
hotstepper/exceptions/StepDataException.py
hotstepper/mixins/FilterFunctionsMixin.py
hotstepper/mixins/MathFunctionsMixin.py
hotstepper/mixins/StepsPlottingMixin.py
hotstepper/mixins/__init__.py
hotstepper/mixins/operations.py
hotstepper/mixins/read_write.py
hotstepper/samples/__init__.py
hotstepper/samples/data/EuroLeagueGoals2016.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/Fremont_Bridge_Bicycle_Counter.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/asset_use.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/call_centre.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/call_centre_simulated.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/checkout.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/daily-min-temperatures.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/hotel_stays.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/maintenance_schedule.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/page_views.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/state_machine.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/superstore.xls
hotstepper/samples/data/taxi data.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/uk commute.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/vessel movements.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/vessel movements_grouped.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/vessel movements_total.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/vessel_queue.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/analysis/hotel_stays_values.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/analysis/page_view_values.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/analysis/page_view_values.xlsx
hotstepper/samples/data/analysis/sc_vessel_queue.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/analysis/vessel_queue_values.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/forex/AUDUSD_H1.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/forex/EURGBP_H1.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/forex/EURUSD_H1.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/forex/GBPAUD_H1.csv
hotstepper/samples/data/forex/GBPUSD_H1.csv
hotstepper/utilities/__init__.py
hotstepper/utilities/helpers.py
notebooks/Examples 2.ipynb
notebooks/Examples 3.ipynb
notebooks/Examples 4.ipynb
notebooks/HotStepper pacf.ipynb
notebooks/HotStepper.ipynb
notebooks/How To's.ipynb
notebooks/Import_export functions.ipynb
notebooks/More How To's.ipynb
notebooks/Step Analysis.ipynb
notebooks/Step Math Tests extended.ipynb
notebooks/Step Math Tests.ipynb
notebooks/The need.ipynb
notebooks/aggregations pip.ipynb
notebooks/aggregations.ipynb
notebooks/step tests.ipynb
notebooks/.ipynb_checkpoints/Step Analysis-Copy1-checkpoint.ipynb
notebooks/.ipynb_checkpoints/Step Analysis-checkpoint.ipynb
notebooks/imports/__init__.py
tests/test_analysis.py
tests/test_basis.py
tests/test_cases.py
tests/test_exports.py
tests/test_filter.py
tests/test_helpers.py
tests/test_math.py
tests/test_ops.py
tests/test_step_create.py
tests/test_step_plots.py
tests/test_steps_create.py
tests/test_steps_plots.py
tests/basecharts/hotel_filter50_baseline.png
tests/basecharts/hotel_multiplots_baseline.png
tests/basecharts/hotel_summary_baseline.png
tests/basecharts/pages_summary_baseline.png
tests/basecharts/vessel_multiplots_baseline.png
tests/basecharts/vessel_summary_baseline.png